docs/index.md, before:

---
# Hide the table of contents on this page.
hide:
  - toc
---

# Start Here 👋

This is the official API documentation for OctoEverywhere. We strongly encourage our community to hack and make with our APIs; we love to see what you come up with. Our goal is to empower the maker community with out-of-this-world tools, and one part of that is empowering developers to make epic things!

[Join Our Discord Server For Developer Discussions](https://octoeverywhere.com/r/discord?source=docs){ .md-button }

### 🤖 [AI Print Failure Detection APIs](#)
Build your own AI print failure detection app or service powered by our world-class AI print failure detection APIs.

### 📱 [App Connections - Remote Access For 3rd Party Apps]()
Any 3rd party app or service developer can integrate OctoEverywhere's remote access into their code for free. Enabling secure & lightning-fast remote access for your users!

### 🌍 [OctoPrint/Klipper/Bambu API Remote Access]()
Get secure full access to your 3D printer's APIs from anywhere worldwide. Allowing you to easily monitor or control your 3D printer from a service, app, or anything!

### 🔔 [Webhook Printer Notifications]()
Integrate your service, side project, app, or home lab with your 3D printer with OctoEverywhere's free webhook printer notifications.

## Looking For Something Else?
We would love to work with you to build any cloud-based 3D printing tool you can think of. [Contact us via our support system to start the conversation!](https://octoeverywhere.com/support?source=docs_index)

Commit message:

Adding docs on the WebSocket MQTT Proxy for Bambu Lab 3D printers.

docs/index.md, after:

---
# Hide the table of contents on this page.
hide:
  - toc
---

# Welcome to OctoEverywhere Documentation

We strongly encourage our community to hack and make with our APIs; we love to see what you come up with. Our goal is to empower the maker community with out-of-this-world tools, and one part of that is empowering developers to make epic things!

!!! note
    Join our [Discord server](https://octoeverywhere.com/r/discord?source=docs) to participate in community developer discussions.

Here's what APIs OctoEverywhere offers, what will you build?

### 🤖 [AI Print Failure Detection APIs](./ai-failure-detection-apis/)
Build your own AI print failure detection app or service powered by our world-class AI print failure detection APIs.

### 📱 [App Connections - Remote Access For 3rd Party Apps](./app-connections/)
Any 3rd party app or service developer can integrate OctoEverywhere's remote access into their code for free. Enabling secure & lightning-fast remote access for your users!

### 🌍 [OctoPrint / Klipper / Bambu API Remote Access](./printer-api-remote-access/overview)
Get secure full access to your 3D printer's APIs from anywhere worldwide. Allowing you to easily monitor or control your 3D printer from a service, app, or anything!

### 🔔 [Webhook Printer Notifications](./webhook-notifications/)
Integrate your service, side project, app, or home lab with your 3D printer with OctoEverywhere's free webhook printer notifications.

### 🔌 [OctoEverywhere Plugin APIs](./plugin-api/overview)
The OctoEverywhere plugins APIs allow for platform agnostic control of your 3D printer, access to webcam snapshots and streams, and even MQTT proxy access for Bambu Lab 3D printers!

### Looking For Something Else?
We would love to work with you to build any cloud-based 3D printing tool you can think of. [Contact us via our support system to start the conversation!](https://octoeverywhere.com/support?source=docs_index)
